hello, I'm mar berrido mar berrío, dotcom
I'm going to show you the new processor today
intel core i7 59 30 k
is the new generation of intel corp el
soccer is the lg 2011 version 3 and good
these are the ones that already work with
memories ddr3 4 and come to replace the
sandy bridge platform and iu
which are from the platform of the elegy
precisely this 59 30 k that I have here
comes to replace the 49 30 here that was
a processor of 3.4 giga hertz 12 mb of
cache and the same six 12-core cores
of processing that has the new
version thinks that the box is
exactly the same they come in no
state without heatsink only the processor
we found in these in these boxes
in terms of cooling this comes
with a TDP or power design
140 watts contrary to 130 watts
that came driving the 49 30 k then
let's talk more about the platform the gea
2011 version 3
this 59 30 cabin 3.5 giga hertz 15 mb
of cache which puts it in comparison
with the top of the range we had
before it was 49 60 x only 100
megahertz below because that was
3.6 giga hertz with the same 15 mb of
cache the advantage here is that this when using
memory ddr 4
It has a bandwidth
for the memory of
about 10 gigabytes per second more than
what the previous generation had and
well the memories of seeing 4 are going to have
speeds or are having speeds
higher the base of these is 2 thousand
133 megahertz
when we talk about the ddr3 its base was
of 1600 megahertz and they came up
let's say what it indicated internal but they see
ddr4 we are seeing memories of 3000
3,200 megahertz ok the 59 30 k this is a
processor that came with the same
let's say with the same price range that
the 49 30
it is a replacement in terms of price
exactly the same as motherboards
who are going to use this processor are
the x 99 because we have an asus of 1099
de luxe then I'll show it but in
price are replacing what exactly
same in the USA about 600
Dollars
here in colombia and I guess the rest
from Latin America around 750
800 and some dollars are going to be
costing and that puts it at 40% less
of price than what it cost 49 60 x
of what it costs 59 60 x which is the
highest of these is a processor
of 8 cores with
16 processing threads but with one
pretty much lower speed going back to
this is 3.5 giga hertz
its turbo speed is 3.7 giga hertz
As I was telling you, he will use the
platform x 99
of intel and memory ddr 4 the idea
it is also that also in the material
servers this new socket the lg a
2011 version 3 is replacing the
previous 5 of the head 2011 so the
new server platform too
going to go with ddr4 was going to have say the
the advantages especially in connectivity
of the chipset
equivalent for x 99 servers
ok then that was the and 759 30 k of 3.5
giga hertz 3.7 in turbo 15 mb cache and
for the platform the g20 2011 version 3
of intel I hope you liked the
video that subscribe to the channel if
have comments about this
processor or questions about this new
platform and they can leave me lasa and good
I already have pending the memory ddr
4 to tell you if it's worth it or not
change memory so quickly I would say
yes yes at least this platform is
these new processors are say
of the top of the intel line and they are
processors that at least go to
be about three years
or more in the market so good
subscribe to the channel see you next